Why in Russia some ethnic groups,
for example Russians or there do not have their
own
Republic,
but let's clarify it is important for you that the
word republic is present in the
definition of the territory It is important for me to
ask why Russians do not have their own
national subject Why what kind of them there are
many of them Let's list Let's
I list Leningrad region no
Leningrad no Lenin stop stop stop
no no Leningrad region is not a
subject of Russian
Look
Hello Good evening where are you
from From
Moscow Cool And in Moscow Where did you
come from Tell me please that is
please that
is Uh-huh
And what do you think that is how
legitimately did it come out  Ukraine from the Soviet
Union
in general
Yeah, the Soviet Union does not exist
if the Soviet Union still existed
then it would be possible to discuss whether it is legitimate or not
now it is the same as
asking whether it was legitimate whether the
February coup in the Russian Empire was
legitimate whether Lenin then made the
October coup by overthrowing the Provisional
Government  it was something once upon a time and
these geopolitical entities already  a
long time ago
no well I understand that you are not interested in this
nothing more yes that is look at on the
territory of the former Soviet Union
Yes certain countries were formed
that recognized each other's borders
they all became independent
political entities and
that's it Tell me and
I help me understand the situation
that is, Crimea supposedly had a
Constitution from 1992 and then the Constitution from
1998. And at
some point, Crimea had a president. And
where did he go? Look, it's the same as with the
Soviet Union, which once existed there.
And so on and so forth.  I'm not
interested in 2014 Crimea was in a
certain legal field of Ukraine like
and And what was there once was there was a
Constitution there was Khrushchev there was no Khrushchev
this is all such empty talk Yes the thing is
that look at you for example yes
you bought an apartment sold the apartment
then  someone was given a gift And so on and so forth what
happened to her in short there like no one cares at all about
the truth that yours
that your grandmother lived in this apartment there
with your grandfather and so on Yes that's
all  If you have absolutely legal
grounds for this apartment yes If you
have documents everything what's the problem
That is you don't talk about the past You
talk about
the present I look again uh if we
talk about the past yes
then to the modern attitude It has
nothing  if we already had new
agreements yes, that is, for example, what
was there, for example, how Crimea came to
Russia from the Turks yes, under what agreement
How the Turks captured Crimea yes, how they
got there, this does not bother anyone at all,
absolutely, because it was in those
centuries and  in another legal field Yes,
if there is, look, if yes, the state
recognized this territory as the territory of
another state Yes, what was there
before doesn't interest anyone at all In the
year ninety-one Yes, look, in the
year
Russia, let's say, received independence and
Ukraine,
independence, the year Ukraine and Russia
signed  treaty of friendship and
cooperation where they recognized
each other's borders also So
Well everything is clear Let's
talk about a great topic but then that is
about the present How do you assess what
is happening in Korea now that is I don't know at all
I am not an expert on Korea And
why an expert I  I am not addressing you as a
specialist, but simply as  to the person
I don't know what's going on I haven't even read
the news about Korea what's
going on there And in Georgia for example what's
going on in Georgia what's going on yes
I was interested in this I read that
Euromaidan is happening in Georgia like in Ukraine And
I see that it's very successful Yes already
many representatives of the authorities
representatives  the ruling party so-
called go over to the side of the people
it's
good see
decide some of your own ti again no No
look again I think that Georgians
like Ukrainians are a rather
freedom-loving people
and to build a dictatorship among them as in Russia is
quite rather problematic for example
in Russia  yes in Russia a dictatorship falls
once or twice because no one Rybnitsa
no one will come out they will raise your retirement
age keep quiet Yes they will do their thing keep quiet
whatever you will keep quiet no one will
come out to any rallies
Ukraine Georgia like European
states yes they have developed
democratic institutions in  including uh the
people understand that the source of power
is the people if some uh individuals
want to usurp power through
election fraud Yes through uh some other
things yes then without problems the people
come out and show and we see We  we see
uh in the photographs on the video what a
huge number of people come out in
Georgia Yes, just like in Ukraine they came out to
fight for their
rights But didn't the elections in Georgia
show that the people of the year yes elections elections
elections in Georgia were falsified
yes And who decided this yes and international
observers  didn't hear I heard and
international observers and opposition Yes
people people do not recognize these elections this is
also look the same as it was in
2004 in Ukraine I was also an observer
at the elections Yes when there were falsifications
from the ruling party from
uh Viktor Yanukovych was then in 2004
then there was the orange revolution and
I can say very much I was at the second
round
at this rural polling station as
an observer from Yushchenko there were some terrible
falsifications there in short they turned off the lights there they threw
in the ballots In short they tried to beat us there
these observers to throw out
in short it was tough that's when the
orange revolution took place  And they appointed the so-
called third round, so that there would be re-elections of
this second round.  the replay is on the
same on the same rural
area but instead of
460 votes for Yanukovych it turned out to be
something like 40 that is somewhere after
the Revolution somewhere 300 votes for
Yanukovych the same area I
was there before the revolution  when there were
falsifications and after the revolution When
everything was already calm, there were no titushki,
nothing, and on these, on not
turning off the lights and throwing ballots,
some 300 votes for Yushchenko were normal.
Yes, so it remained within the same limits.
And for Yanukovych, somewhere-  then minus 400 votes
where from that's all I can clearly I
can clearly speak Yes what in 2004 Yes I
was a witness direct witness It's not
like I was sitting somewhere from the News
watching direct witness of
election falsification by the authorities Yes intimidation of people
including me  Yes, they tried to
push people out of this
polling station, they
turned off the lights, threw in the ballots, and so
on.  there is and I have no problem
saying yes that the elections were
falsified now too and in Georgia the
elections were falsified and in Russia the elections were falsified Yes and in
Belarus but after the
election falsification the Belarusians went out to protest
Yes they were crushed they didn't succeed Yes and the
Russians are silent the Russians ate and  eat
now And you directly think that, that is, the
majority of Russians did not vote
for Putin. Did I
understand correctly? I dont know. The majority of them
voted, not the majority of them voted. I
see that in Russia, yes, they did not allow all
candidates who could be
Putins competitors, yes, that is, who?  -they
physically removed someone, legally
removed them, put in a couple of these
pro-government candidates who are supposedly the
opposition, Well, it's funny, really. Even
Zhirinovsky isn't here, yeah. Because
that's why in Russia, yeah, I
get it. Sorry, I'll interrupt, it's just that the question is
very urgent and has matured. And how?  Yanukovych
came to power if he is a forger of the
second sample. Look,
he came to power for the second time.  the authorities uh in
2000 also in the elections Yes there were
close results of Tymoshenko and Yanukovych
and due to Yes due to falsifications in the
Luhansk Donetsk regions where they
drew a simply cosmic turnout Yes
because
he
won That is, if Yanukovych had not
[music]
voted for  candidate from nationalists
Yes but in the second round Yes if you look at
Yanukovych and Tymoshenko then I voted for
Tymoshenko Yes Oh listen Can I
use your platform and ask
one question
ask very often in conversation with
Ukrainians I come across such an opinion
that such a concept as Nationality does not
exist you  can you explain to me right now with your
audience whether
nationality exists in principle or this
is the concept of nationality
you can open the dictionary and there is a
description of this
concept thank you very much just once again
I very often encounter this
that is in conversations with
Ukrainians the question then  that is,
we will finish off by nationality and by simple
Why are there so many institutions in
Ukraine connected with this what is it called
there is tied to the word nationality
for example here is the difference between the police and
the national police Can you
explain the question to me Do you have a
national guard in Russia no We have a national guard national guard
and why do you
call it Ros well because it is the Russian
guard which is logical That is if you
called yours  ukrpolymerkonstruktsiya
there is radio and television broadcasting there is a national
police Yes, in short, there is a national
anti-corruption bureau there what confuses you about this I
cant understand again if
it were each separately That is, this is, that is, here
you had here you have
the national police And here you have  state bank
for example or dsh bank That is, we have a
National Bank, we call it the
National Bank That's what I'm saying, that pr
No problem How so
obligatory okay okay I explain I explain
national - this is a synonym for the word
state just like for example here
in Russia you have the concept
nationalization nationalization of
the enterprise so once again I will explain it
Not you Don't run away don't run away look that is For
example Under the Soviet Union Even
under the communists it was  the concept of
nationalization is true Yes of course What
is nationalization is when something
goes from private to state property
so it becomes nationalized it becomes
state
property so that's all so here
national is a state
national bank it is a
state in this regard synonym
Okay then you have a question  there is
such an
institute which is like this one like
egova national state institute of
culture if it is a synonym why did the people
who called it that institute take it
twice that is such a tautology this is I
first of all don't know what kind of
institute Well this one that you have there
this one is like  his singing rector What is
it
called there Damm
no
[applause]
Shari it is called the Kyiv National
University of Culture and
Arts no then just forget it
again here it is called I
forget it after it is called Here is the hall then
I got it mixed up then look Kyiv
National  Some kind of sovereign, just
forget three words and some kind of Kiev
national power now I
dont have such a thing Yes, it means I got it a little mixed up
But it seemed to me that it was
like that I have a question why such an
obsession  there are no national there are no
state Let's go let's go Let's go I'll
ask you a question now
look here in Russia yes there are
national Republics Tatarstan
Yes Chechnya Sakha Ingushetia Adygea yes that
is most peoples have their own
national republics where the republic of
Russians Well most have there are
those that don't have you  or Let me
answer you differently Is it important for you that the
word republic is present
or do you want to ask the question that
most nationalities have their own
territory let's ask the question for
example Why in Russia some
ethnic groups yes for example Russians or there do not
have their own
Republic
but let's clarify  it is important for you that the
word republic is present in the
definition of the territory e it is important for me to
e to ask why the Russians do not have
their own national subject Why
what there are many of them there are many Let's list for example
Let's list
Leningrad region no Leningrad
no Lenin stop stop stop no no
Leningrad region is  no, not
a subject of Russians Look there, it's not
written in Tatarstan What is this Tatar
in Chechnya, this is Tatar
national, what is written again yet
look, so Tatarstan is the
Tatar Republic, so Chechnya is the
Chechen Republic, once again Chechen,
yes, Sakha is the republic of the Sakha people,
Leningrad Region, why did you decide
that this is a republic, that this is a subject of
Russians? So wait, are you sure that
something is written down somewhere there?  and Sakha
there is a republic this as its people Sakha
they Yes they have their uh with their own
parliament they have so they have their own
I will say more than that uh they have it written
in the Constitution that they are a state
that Stakha is a state that
Tatarstan is a state well A
let's do it this way But if we take,
for example, such a subject of the Federation as
Yamal Nenets Autonomous Okrug I
don't know what is written there but they are not a
state for example They are in
transitional eh that means we have
nationality Yes there are
nationalities that have not found their own
state  For example, like the Russians and
so on, the Russians
dont even have their own autonomous region, like the Jews of
Yamal and the Nenets, so look again, we
have territories that, that is, clearly
no one  claims besides the Russians,
what does that mean, what does that mean, no one
claims? And where does it say that the Russians
claim? No, once again, you just came up with this. What does it mean,
claims? Well, that
is, once again, we just found out that
there are some nationalities that do not
have their own
statehood. Yes,
they  more than one That is not only
ru that is
sung does not have its own statehood
And also let's and how will you then discuss
Let's Jewish Autonomous Okrug is
what kind of state they are not a state this is an
autonomous okrug also there is
no statehood but this is already they have territorial
status although
well, the region has no
territorial status, listen, well,
national, like look, that is,
you are a very professional blogger, but
here is manipulation, no, it is not
manipulation, here is a scam. This is left-wing
manipulation. No, this is not left-wing manipulation.
You are simply running away. What are you doing? This is
called  manipulation you in order
not to answer you have no answer and
accuse the person of manipulation I'm
just asking a question This is not manipulation
Why Yes Russians and we don't have their own
republic Let me tell you differently  I'll
explain
first of all, let's start with the fact that there is a
duty of each nationality to have
territories, this is Well, that is, it is not registered anywhere,
of course, it is not obliged to. Well, there is no duty.
This is a nation that
has its own state, Tatarstan
is a republic, Sakha has its own state, the
Ingush have their own state, the Russians have their own state
there is no state of its own
Well, that is, there is, there is
such a story That, for example, one and the same
nationality is located in
several states at once, there is such a thing Yes,
for example, a Kurd, here are the Kurds Yes, the Kurds are Russians
like the Kurds, it turns out that the Kurds live,
for example, in Syria, in Iraq, and in
Turkey  yes and they don't have their own state
and Russians live in Russia in Ukraine in
Germany somewhere there part there in Estonia
in Latvia they don't have their own state
Russians are the largest
stateless one the
same doesn't exist yes yes Well here's
the question Why e All  peoples Yes,
most peoples created their own
states, but the Russians did not create their own
state Well, let's assume
that you know This is at the level of something like that,
that is, all eh, all nationalities That
is, this is a noun, and Russian is an
adjective, this is not this is not about that
now  once again not about that Why not
Why not you you at one time Zaga
this topic her question question Why then in the
Russian Federation there are some
nationalities of the
Republic how is this different how is this
different from non-republican Nations
I explain that is, well, there are nationalities
of their own  compact residence, that is, they
took it for themselves, that is, this
or at some point they were given
a territory and they were told that on this
territory yours, that is, this one, as its
compact residence is national and so,
that is, did I understand correctly that the Russians
do not have a territory of compact residence
there is I'm telling you That is why they didn't
make a Russian Republic Well why
because there is no such request that
is And what's the problem that is how there is no
request Wait stop this someone
who cut up some conditional Lenin Yes
he made Republics for everyone  and the Russians didn't
even make an autonomous
region for the Jews Why didn't the Russians make it Well
first of all the question is for Lenin and not for me that
is well well that is there are territories
that are
considered Russian that is they are
divided into regions you understand I mean I
mean who is this  from pokon  centuries are considered
Russian for example the
Leningrad region which you
said it was never Russian
it was Finnish Swedish there fox
let's take the Moscow region the
Moscow region is also not Russian there
lived some Finno-Ugric ethnic groups Merya the Merya
tribe lived like that ethnic groups when
when ru when  Russians appeared in the
Moscow
region when they started calling when that
is in the 20th
century why that is earlier they started
calling earlier Show me in the 15th century it
is written Russians did not write Russians
wrote there was a great rise and there they wrote all sorts of things
As a collective name for the
imperial population and everything Yeah, I understand Well  when
when Show me what for example the
Russians wrote there the tsars were also not Russians there
were some Germans there before that the
Tatars the Mongols ruled well and how
How about what is in the title that
is the tsars that is the Russians they said
that I am the Russian tsar  Don't look at the title of Ra
- this is what lands he owns or
claims. Yes, for example
Livonian yes Prince of Chernigov yes that in the title ru began to enter this you some Ivan some fourth or whatever he is yes began to enter Russian yes Prince of Rus Yes that is that he claims the territory of Rus that is Kyiv also for example in this in Poland Yes there was a title Yes prince Russian and what because he owned this territory which is now Rus' what does that have to do with it If you are talking about Lithuanian then he was talking about this Transcarpathian Rus' which no no look again that is in the title it says Russian yes the title is the same as for example the Prince of Wales, now again the Prince of Wales, that's what has now become the king of like Britain Yes, he is the Prince of Wales, he doesn't fall by nationality, but when he is on the Prince of Wales tour, it is written Prince of Wales Listen, we have this, this is his prince one who that is we I say that the title of Ra shows that the Russian land exists And you say it did not exist stop one hundred stop in the title of Thor just shows that they considered that
this our Land Ukraine Yes they considered it Russia that's how Moscow was not Rus' And how they called it Moscow so the Moscow Principality was and Vologda That is how they considered then that-that in Vologda for example this Look yes in Rus' in our Rus' Here that is, where is modern Ukraine Yes, that's all, that's what was called Zalesye Yes, that's why you really Why do you call it Pereslavl Zaleski Yes, I know why it's called Pereslavl Zaleski Yes, there is a territory there that is also called Novograd Volynsky because Novograd is in Volyn Yes here is Slav Zalevsky yes And there was Pereslavl which was here in Rus' also Here is Galich for example Galich was here in Rus' yes and there was Galich disgusting here you have Galich there somewhere in this Volga or some These are the regions Yes there is now the city of Galich it is up to this one called Lich merki Yes because on the territory of the mer tribe he was located that behind Why Zales Because in Zales this territory was not called Rus it was called Zales Yes it was  Volyn Yes, for
example, there was Rus and so on, different
territories, you Zalesye were there, its good with
Kaluga, what to do then, this is
pre-staircase,
look, not the territory of Rus, Russian,
Russian territory of Rus is the Kiev
region, this is the Chernigov part, the
Zhitomir part of Belarus and part of
Ukraine, yes, not all of modern Ukraine
entered into
Rus Kalu I'm not asking about modern
Ukraine I'm going to Kaluga Kaluga No, not
Kaluga - it wasn't Rus Kaluga - it
was a territory controlled by Rus from
which it was filmed Yes, just like these
There's the whole Vologda region, there's Ryazan,
further Ryazan - it wasn't  Rus Yes, but
Ryazan was the territory from which
Rus collected tribute, I understand what it
was called, this territory Ryazan
Principality Murom
Principality combine how could it be in one
word Ryazan Principality was
called that and Kaluga Principality Yes, there
was no Kaluga Principality
then Kaluga was not  was I ask like this and Kaluga then what Well to which principality did it belong I don't know That is with such an interesting story once again like this look like Take the Soviet Union so there is the Soviet Union Yes it had Poland under its control Hungary Yes Czechoslovakia yes Tajikistan And so on and so forth Yes, did they live in Chechnya, here Chechnya Yes, uh, the territory is controlled by Moscow, so but Muscovites don't live there, Russians don't live there, really, you and you, you are currently saying that is because ro is actually russ, here if we take the moment when Rus' existed Yes, when Rus' existed in Rus' there were different tribes including Slavic, a little Baltic, there were Finno-Ugric, and a little Turkic And so on. In that territory which is Russia Yes, modern-day Russia, there lived Finno-Ugric tribes there for them the prince sent with his retinue Yes, who were gathering for them Tribute is the same as now from Moscow they send, for example, Ra to the region Yes, for example, if  the
governor comes to this
in how is he Dagestan Yes, there are shoals there He
does not become an Avar from this, it is true there
but the territory belongs then, that is, to
Russia, no, well, Russians do not live
there, it is true Avars live there it does not matter
Russians
live there, no, that's it Look at it once on  Rus
look at
Rus look Yes in the chronicles as it
was written there we go from Novgorod to Rus
Yes we go from Murom to Rus we go from this
Suzdal to Rus Well Suzdal was not Once again
we started the conversation with what you
say uh History is not interesting and
all that stuff in general  No No look wrong
you are manipulating now I didn't say This is
history it's not interesting I said that uh
who transferred to whom or left legal
points are not interesting because in
legal terms it's already the past so
there is uh a new legal reality
new agreements Yes and they need to be
used if the state
agreed on one thing What they
agreed on before doesn't
matter anymore There is a new agreement Yes, that's
what I was talking about, it doesn't matter
what's the point and I'm interested in history let's have this argument we'll end with the fact that the Ukrainians are the great heirs of Rus' that is and accordingly everything that is not connected with Rus' that is some ancient that is these peoples They are completely completely others you are great all that's for no no no sos no not quite right not only Ukrainians The thing is that Ukrainians and Belarusians Ukrainians and Belarusians Yes Heirs of Rus' listen Yes and add Moldovans there that is I don't want now Moldova not Moldova was formed it was The Volos Principality is a slightly different territory, that's different, yes. Even if we assume that there were simply controlled taxable territories, that is, which now belong to the Russian Federation. I am so This dispute Well, I am not interested in proving it because I think that you know history even superbly. Even if you prove it It will not lead to any conclusions in our current that is world in our current situation it is absolutely all the same mother of Russian cities not mother of Russian cities no no no no no no here you know why look if  b it
was just a book story Yes it would be
all the same but if there are states
that tell their people that uh
we should seize Ukraine because
it is our Russian land and Rurik starts
And so on This one on the basis of
falsified history Yes they claim
to destroy someone else's  states
Well, in this case, yes, if you,
for example,
came up with the idea that the earth is round or that
Rurik was from Adam or from Eve, we wouldn't
care Yes, but if you,
uh, zombify your population by saying that this is
your territory, that Ukraine and Ukrainians
don't exist They  have no right to
exist because this is Russian
land because this was some Rurik
And this is all his and therefore now Putin
has the right to attack this is important and
here we need to discuss this and show
the Russians that there is no
ready to answer We have now at this time
moment there is your audience present
which is 95% Ukrainians to
whom it makes no sense to explain this logically
here I am present you don't even with
me If suddenly I think that there is that there is
this Russia Russians are great  and Ukrainians
no, that is, well, they asked you, are you
proving to me then what is the point of our de, then
look, first of all, I dont have 95
Ukrainian audiences. Yes, I have
people watching from other countries, including 10
to 15 percent of people watching from
Russian Federation And
plus when I post my videos Yes,
a lot of people watch them Yes, and
drop by drop such different conversations they
set the brain somewhere because this is an
element of Russian propaganda that
affects not only Russians But also
Ukrainians Because some start
too  yes, they don't listen there, here we are, Alya, the
southeast Yes, we are also Russian We are one
people and so on And this is Rurik and so
on, this is how it is done,
first the Russian language and pseudo-
Russian history come in and then Russian
tanks and weights come and that's it  everything is clear
don't you think that first there is
hatred towards Russians and then
tanks appear no uh first Russians appear
and then there is hatred towards Russians
Well hatred is very very look at a very very
simple example Yes very simple
example the city of Kharkov Yes, a Russian-speaking
city for the most part, yes, to say
that there was direct hatred towards
Russians is quite difficult, yes But after
Russian tanks, Russian
missiles and Russian special forces appeared there, I really do
nt know any Kharkovites who love
Russians and Russians Many have even
fundamentally switched  into Ukrainian
Yeah, I understand We hate Russians We
hate Russians not because they
want to take away our state they want
us they want us because we
hate them if we just
hated them Well they all lived there and what how are
we interfering Well we sit and  we hate we shout at
us And
what do you think about the fact that something is,
for example,
this in Georgia they are proud of the fact that something is, they did
not allow this situation or they are trying
not to allow the situation that is in Ukraine
who is
proud Well, the Georgian government,
for example, yes, Georgia, the Georgian
Government is the government that is
controlled by the
oligarchs Ivanishvili  in essence, this is the
same pro-Russian office that we
had in the regional party, that's all
of course it will say what is
beneficial to Russia there are Russian
curators Russian manuals I see
that the emphasis I see that
the emphasis of how the government behaves is the
same as it was in Ukraine but instead of
somehow going to dialogue with the people to
go to
some  - let's say
uh opinion Yes, let's go for a harsh dispersal of the
demonstration Yes, the harsh dispersal of uh
peaceful rallies is a topic for Russia yes,
because for Russia, as it
seems to me, it is very scary for the Republics
that emerged from the Soviet Union
to show
democratic instruments, to show
that the people really  something decides for
Russia it's not so scary just what
will happen in Georgia yes for Russia it's scary that
Russians will see that it's possible the same thing with
Ukraine for Putin Maidan Yes if there hadn't
been intervention from the Russian side I
think that our local regionalists there would
have  then they would have bribed one of these
politicians, they would have come to an agreement with someone, they would have
held round tables, they would have hushed it all up,
it would have all gone away, gone away and been forgotten.
Yes, but the Russian method is to
disperse everyone with a baton  because any
civil initiative is already an
encroachment on the totalitarian system, that's
all, and what about this
Central Asia, there
were several coups in Kyrgyzstan, that is,
Russia turned a blind eye to this, that
is, looked at it, that is, for some reason
there, for example, Russia doesn't care
that there are coups, this is a Democratic
government
coming. Once again, the question is Well, that is, it is
fundamentally
important for Russia or Putin that, that is, a Democratic government does not appear on
the territory of the former Soviet Union, that
is,
Well, for example, a government appears in Central Asia
sde in that
yes I will explain Putin does not consider
Central Asia as a successful example yes
Kazakhstan Kazakhstan I consider
because Kazakhstan shows growth dynamics
for example for Russia and
Russians the Republics of Central Asia
are perceived as some Yes there
Tajikistan Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan in
Russia are perceived as if it is
some kind of trash countries trash people
from there Yes now Armenia Armenia is already
considered and therefore for Armenia now it is
painful yes what and why and why Russia
then that is allowing Pashinyan to have power
according to your I mean allowing  Well, you
said that there are ways, then there is a
democratic choice, Naro,
look again. Russia does not allow it. And Russia has
no opportunity to do it there now.
Yes,
there is no opportunity for Ukraine. There is an opportunity for Georgia.
No, there is no opportunity for Ukraine. No, right now,
it was during Yanukovych's time.  influence on Ukraine
through This is what Maidan just demolished
this political tentacles of Ukraine were cut off for him
Yes through his agents
Yes only the military remained for him Yes he
went to war in order to put
his puppet here and everything in Armenia
based on logistics Yes it won't
work to do that  Because with
Russia Yes, it was still easier oh with
Georgia it was easier there is a
direct connection and so on
What direct connection mountains That is this
direct connection yes yes from the
Abkhaz side from the Abkhaz side there is and from the
side of this Northern  Ossetia Yes, exactly
Well, they also entered through the Kodori Gorge,
columns with tanks entered Well, that's understandable,
there's also aviation there, but you can't transfer it to Armenia like that
land yes measles and you
can't get in from the sea yes No such thing that is
logistical and that's all
Maidan is being done what difference does it make
logistical
illogicality So what's the point Maidan
on the contrary was against the Russian
authorities Russia can only
disperse something there by force give something to someone And
so on
Russia And how did it happen in Georgia then
about a Russian government
without Russian
tanks, I will say through this
oligarch, so he who lives in Russia,
yes, has there, in parallel, it seems,
Russian citizenship, they are connected with crime,
and so on, yes, that is, through
bribery, through There are falsifications, and so
on  Yes, they strengthened it and
did it. And what prevents them from
doing the same in Armenia? Well, you
see, its technologically
more difficult. I understand. Okay. That is, Thank you for
the conversation. Im just late. That is,
until we say nasty things to each other.
Lets say goodbye. Lets say goodbye
for the last time. Yes.
Well.  let's say it then anyway you
can say it now I'll turn it off
Let's ask you whose
Crimea is Russian Crimea And why Well because
there is Russian power there because there is
Ukrainian power there  does not pay pensions
because I I will finish you see you
still want to ask some tough questions
because the Ukrainian army lined
up and left this territory because
because Ukraine turned off the water
this blocked food and
electricity I understand correctly that according to  in the
same scheme the city of Sudzha is
Ukraine at the moment yes that is But
because the Russian army left there
because Russia does not supply
water there and so yes I
understood Everything is correct that is it
turns out Otto the volume will be
different that
is Kherson - This is whose territory Kherson  the
city itself is naturally Ukrainian now
and why is it so it is
written in your Constitution that this is Well it is
us we You yourself said who is what
where the king is laying claim to What lands
is Kherson Ukraine or is it
occupied Ukrainian and Russian
territory from the point of view  Russian
legislation from your point of view
from your point of view
Well yes that is from our point of view that
is this is our territory you you not
legislation What do you think
Kherson is Ukraine or is Ukraine
occupying Russian territory I
think that that is the power that
controls the territory then mine
belongs It's exactly the same as Whose
Dutch Heights That is, it's
Syrian Do I understand correctly that in
your opinion whoever got into the car behind the wheel is the one with the
car
Well, well, here for sure I can prove It
you have a document document document it's the
same as  in our UN Constitution everything according to the
documents is Crimea is Ukraine But the
same as with the car and then the police
stop and say no guys take a [ __ ] I'm
driving I fill it up I washed it
so it's my car Who
washes it I'll explain now that is and  If you are being
so sarcastic I can explain,
look, if I remember correctly, in
Spain, that is, if they broke into your house,
that is, you
cant evict them there even through the courts. So
lets do it without, lets do it without Spain, you
have [ __ ], you
have something else.  next time we'll talk
goodbye the spanish will break into your house
I've never heard such an excuse
Just yeah who pays the pension there who
makes way for you he stopped there Well, by
that logic Whoever broke into the apartment gets the
apartment Yes  who got into the car
in short, it means you can go into this guy's house and
change the doors and say everything,
this is my apartment now and I'm here and I
painted the walls and like, squeak,
comment, subscribe to my Telegram right
now, Ovin, and
Pop, this is very, very important, YouTube
is driving us crazy  via SR Georgy in nyy ban and
very many videos I do not show to people sometimes I do
not show information about streams so
that we Mali operational links
are written right now and while there in telegram OKM videos
there is also interesting and useful
information and we are sorry for the
constant posting  operational links
independent in that while you about This
YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe